{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe2052{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\froman\fprq1\fcharset128 MS PGothic;}{\f3\froman\fprq1\fcharset0 MS PGothic;}{\f4\fmodern\fprq6\fcharset134 \'cb\'ce\'cc\'e5;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green128\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs28 * 1st ARC leads with the preview for the fight in the memory lane. The conflict is the investigation into the Orange players, as well as the Knight of Blood Oath, and the fractions within, the suspicion of Kabuya. side line: development of the bond between Asuna and Kirito.  \par
Timeline: before they got a week of honeymoon. or maybe after? \fs44\par
\par
Aincrad meeting\fs28\par
\fs36 Chp 1\fs28\par
\par
Scenery at Aincrad\par
Time: when Kirito and Asuna first met, their first instance that they shared together [eps 5- 59th floor]\par
\par
\par
Asuna: "you cant just sit around while the whole assult team work their butt off..."\par
Kirito: "yeah whatever, today is the optimal weather in Aincrad"\par
Asuna: "Oh, come on! the weather is always the same here."\par
Kirito: "yeah well, maybe you should rest a bit\'85 see, feel the breeze, it\rquote s a nice day"\par
\par
The sky was azure; clouds stacked on top another, surrounded by the warmth emitted from the sun. The ground was suspended in mid-air, as if supported by some mysterious power granted by a supernatural being. The power that trapped everyone in the game until the boss is defeated on the 100th lvl. It seemed to have also built up an invisible aura between Kirito and Asuna, and it cast them in a moment of silence. \par
Kirito didn't speak; he looked at Asuna curiously, hoping for a response. But turned away his gaze and looked at the horizon of Aincrad, it has got [insert 1.], the crisp air escapes the leaves and enters Kirito's nostril, 'a bit warmer than usual. But you know, she really needs to calm down. Maybe she doesn't want to clear the caves all that much? She's become so bossy now that she;s second-in-command...thanks to who?' while his train of random thoughts was going on, Kirito yawns. \par
\par
Asuna takes a breath, stretched her arms down below, closed her eyes with her head held up, and slowly took a step back. For just a second, Kirito thought she became one with the rest of the picturesque landscape. \par
\par
Asuna just thought this place has since become so welcoming, the cool breeze brushes the back of her neck, only making the weather seemingly more pleasant. \par
'What a pleasant place..' thought Asuna. \par
While she took a quick glance at Kirito, she couldn't bring her up to lecture him again. Maybe there is something more than the mysterious power of Aincrad that binds people together....\par
\par
She sat on the grass. Her finger tips felt the dry grass, and her palm on the moist soil. "But you know, it only makes the place feel more out of the real world\'85 this virtual reality, we don't belong here." Asuna slowly closes her eyes, continuing her murmurs, and thought 'out of the world... well, we are out of the world right? So, that's why, that's why we ought to find our way back to the real world.' Asuna hears no reply from Kirito, but the sound of falling leaves, distant white noise of towns, Kirito's rhythmic breathing... \par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 'I wonder if dad got transferred to a better hospital, you know, me and mom want you get better soon...' her will to stay awake crumbled after she finished her thoughts. But her will to get back to reality never stops.\f1\fs22\par
\pard\f0\fs28 Kirito wakes up later to people's chatter \par
"some lazy bums right there"\par
"hey isnt that Vice-Commander of Knight of Blood Oath and the black swordsman?"\line "yeah only those deserve rest, and we work our butt off?"\par
\par
he ignored the conversation, and noticed on his side was Asuna and her exposed legs, smooth and real, 'whoa.. never thought of seeing a commander sleep like this'\par
He sighs, Kirito thought back to the first time when he met her. 'Umm, she really took what I said to heart didnt she... but using the NPCs as bait? I cant do that.. not after what happened to Diavel*... we must save everyone, NPC or not.' \par
\par
\par
*: Diavel used himself as bait and lured the monster so that Kirito could kill it later. \par
\par
//\par
story continues in episode 5.\par
//\par
=================\lang1041\f2 Proofread on 4/\lang1033\f3 6\lang1041\f2 /14=============================\lang1033\f0\par
1. horizon in SAO, what does it have? clouds? [* when Yuki revealed her identity, one of her image was a guy jumping off from a bridge and int the cloud/exterior, and dies] birds? [1st episode, Klein and Kirito at the hunting ground, at dusk]\par
\par
\fs36 Chp 2\fs28\par
\par
The sun has set, the country roads are quiet, people have gathered in crowded places, evem within safe zones, people stick together in inns, bars, shows and other ventures. Under the setting sun, even the lighted area is covered under a bloody sky. In a world designed by Kayaba, SAO has become equivalent of inferno, an inescapable iron cage dripping fears from the sky into people's hearts. Contaminated by fear, players who used to be gathering together sometimes fight, sometimes for each other, most time for themselves. But it doesnt make any difference, the players only get to live once, and now that they feel the extreme reality of pending death. The extremely fearfuls lost their awareness , going on rampage, killing people proving their will against the "god" of this world, Kayaba, now dubbed by players as "Red", a myth was conjured following that fateful day when Kayaba Ahiki, the creator of SAO announced that "if you are dead in the game, you are dead in real life.."   No one dared speaking the name of Kayaba, but dubbed him "Red". \par
\par
Apparently, there claimed to be many observations of "Red" everywhere around Aincrad, but most of the rumors are dismissed by announcements posted in evey public bulletin. \par
\par
Sabre Brewery. \par
\par
burly guy, "Red doesn't exist! those rumors are just nonesense!"\par
\par
guy w/ long nose long sharp hat "well, sharp observation you had there. " said him slyly, "not that Im arguing with you, but I saw him first hand."\par
\par
burly guy "you did?? " \par
\par
guy in green suit, [lapercun style/ Irealand ] "and how did you escape that?"\par
\par
as the quarrel continues, Asuna followed Kirito and entered into the Pub.\par
\par
"Well, I was just devising a battle plan and felt like taking a quick nap thats all.. " Asuna said.. She tries to be as friendly as possible, but seeing Kirito gazing at her, blushed, she quickly looked away, before she could thank him, she blurted out "Get your dirty thoughts out of your head now!"\par
\par
Kirito paused, replied "well, you saw me sleep, I can say the same thing about you."  \i thats a bit embarrasing\i0 .. Kirito thought, \i why did I want to provoker her for.. now shes gonna get all high and mighty\i0 .\par
\par
Asuna face turned red, "wha.. what did u say!?? I .. I .. I AM the second-in command to the Knight of Blood Oath, our men sacrifices  the most in clearing the bosses, and what might you have done, huh?"\par
Kirito sighs.. \i ha! see? told ya\i0  "come on, quiet down already.." as Kirito sensed the conversation in the background stopped, and a prolonged moment of silence sank in the crowds. \par
pst.. this is no good, if we fight in safe-zone, we are on the losing side --- we are being exposed, this could be troublesome down the road if they knew our faces..\par
\par
"Ay! Don't tell me the almighty Knight of Blood Oath being led by some brat? You gotta be kidding me!"\par
\par
"no, look at how she got quiet all the suddne, she must be a phony!"  a drunkard started walking towards Asuna. \par
\par
"Vice-commander!" a man in a slender build came out of nowhere and walks in between the drunkard and Asuna. although slightly less build than the man, but he is a head taller than him. Facing Asuna, he said, "You must report to duty! The Commander summons you to report to him immediately for tomorrow's operation." He half turned his head around, exposing his scar on the side, towards the drunkard, threathening legitemately "without the Knight of Blood Oath, more innocent people will die by tomorrow's sunset." (it's easy to refer thsi to the dungeon clearing opertion he is talking about, but he also implies the half-truth about his plot on killing people.)\par
\par
\cf1 Drunkard got scared, alcohol seemed to have left the man's body, \cf0\par
\par
\par
\par
Then his sound was overhelmed by a cling noise, the two man arguing have both drew their swords and everyone else backed away from them. \par
\par
A and K quickly looked over, and A quickly assesses the situation, and asked K " wait here" \par
\par
...\par
.\par
.\par
.\par
.\par
\par
"Red", not just the name dubbed on to Kayaba, but who named him that? Who spreaded the name? Why has no same person ever posted a message on a bulletin board about claiming they had seen "Red"? Is this just a big hoax, or someone was trying to mess with everyone's head while doing somehintg sinister? \par
\par
[Chuxk note: Orange players are players who have hurt another player before, up to 4 times, and the fifh time, the color stays permanent, While "Red" players, although just the name along, since there are no "red" cursor for players, the Player Killers are also marked with a permanent "orange" hard to distinguish.]\par
1/9/14\par
\par
\par
\par
"Red" 's justification for killing people: he is god, he gave life to you, and so he has power to take it away. \par
\par
You are replaceable, you are simply beings replacable by the overflow of data. Each strand of your hair, each movement, each reaction, also the surroundings: the beams of sunlight that reflects in your eyes, the wind that brushes against your armor, the water drop from the dark cave.. if willing, "Red" can even enable pain to be felt . Because all of those, are replacable. \par
\par
[sad logic behind this: like \lang2052\f4\'c8\'fd\'b9\'fa\lang1041\f2 -san from C:money of soul and control.... the "Red" has suffered through the thoughts that once creating this iron cage, he can create anything to save the person he loves, no matter how unrealistic it may seem. But with her being here, is better off than seeing her leaving him. "Red"'s father doesn't have the thoughts for his son, and neglects him for his own project. And yet, after he debuts on his "Iron Cage" - Aincrad beta version, his sister dies after he gave his presentation and receiving the accolades from the success of SAO beta version. The news devastated him, marking him just the same as his father - neglecting the one he cares.  At least, he is better than his father in that his father doesnt even admit his negligence. But him, what differenciates him from anything?? The last words, what are her last words. \par
\par
Being a computer genuis, he previously tested SAO Beta with his sisters data, and he then inputs it into SAO, ] \par
\lang1033\f0\par
\par
Theme: Commander Godfree\par
 http://swordartonline.wikia.com/wiki/Godfree\par
\par
Detective/espionage Unit of Knight of Blood Oath. \par
- captain Godfree  is the only person discussed in relation to the unit/ what dealing do they have with the sleeping coffin?\par
\par
Captain x told Kirito and Asuna his story: 1st character that he played was with sleeping coffin, but quits due to some scandlous dealing wen on in the sleeping coffin. He stopped using that account for a while, when he started again, he chose a different account, with a different name, and stayed away from sleeping coffin, as it was called "Mercenary Inc" before. It was a big name, a very ppwerful one as well. but people left after the scandle. some became merchant, some became guards, and some formed their own guilds as Mercenaries. However, a few loyalists stayed with Mercenary Inc, and continued shady dealing. They changed their name to Sleeping Coffin after the scandle got reported. \par
\par
I hope sittring up the "Red" sighting is not one of their schemes. \par
\par
[insert interactions ** character build i.e. waitress approaches to fill Captain x 's wine. X stops the conversation, and waits and orders apple pie. starts talking about how apple pie in here tastes jkust like his grandma's apple pie back home. ]\par
\par
Asuna coughs, and X continues after a dry cough, embarrased.\par
[**character profile X cautious since he is expierienced with espionage?, also gets carried away easy.]\par
\par
X : at any rate, thats my story.\par
\par
Kirito, thought, (well, taking into account that you have played before, he seems like a beta tester? ) but said, well, are you still abel to switch accounts? \par
\par
x  : unfortunately, my othger account has been ssotle, and so far I havent seen my other account name coming up yet. \par
\par
Kirito: I see...\par
\par
Asuna: then, again how are you sure its stolen then?\par
\par
X it happened before Red appeared/ activated, \par
\par
Asuna: are there places like town hall that we can check the list of players online? \par
\par
Kirito: "umm..\par
\par
[**Character profile: Kirito, hesitant, unmanly, calm, skeptic, logical.;;; Asuna: dependable, quick with words. ] \par
\par
..\par
.\par
.\par
the conversation goes on a bit?.\par
\par
.\par
.\par
\par
\par
Skip!!!! \par
\par
The two exited the pub, both burying into their own thoughts. The street lights pulled heir shadow even closer to them, blurring the distance between the two. Neiher of them spoke a word but walks in perfect strides wih each other. Well it's only natural to be a world of the top players, while many other players struggle, some even still stayed in the starter town, asuna and kirito have worked hard and now one is heading most combats for the most power guild; another is the black swords man.\par
Has this world began to recognize that the power can be harnessed from those two alone? \par
\par
Yes readers! U r not alone in thinking that!! This is the real world and events have consequences and no one can escape the reality of it!!\par
\par
Now, why we're here ppl out there that can presume the importance of them jointing hands? Is it the "red", maybe their bond will threaten the existence of the game? What nonsense. But but another group working in the underground has taken their own initiative, "the sleeping coffin", a group formed by the orange players.arm dealing, kidnapping, torture. It's ur real world terrorist group that intends only for its own gain. \par
Why were they allowed to exist at all? U say.\par
 The reason bein simple, what the game creates is a world of reality and to keep that reality in check . Some extreme measures are allowed. And indeed he killing and being killed. \par
--///---------------------------------- flashback:\par
Just as asuna and kirito ordered their soup and chips, the green hat men squeal . A raven appears from his arm, "a magic trick?" Thought kirito,"I don't sense ....."  Asuna looks at the "trickster" with a stern face, but then sighed," kirito kun, some members of the guild doesn't have a good restraint on themselves, it doesn't represent our guild." "Eh?" \par
" ha... Kirito kun thank you. Today." Says asuna trying not to lump words together\par
"Ah bezini(it's okay)"kirito said half jokingly  "sure you'd do he same!" As if there's more than what he suggests \par
Asuna didn't say anything right away but waited her turn.. \par
Moment of silence.\par
\par
From the distance, a loud noise broke the silence, it's the green hat man who crash landed near kirito and asunas table. Without looking up, the man said " ah sorry ojo, I'll have to introduce myself to ur ..." \par
"Captain, pleas refrain from disturbing other people, u are member of the knight of blood oath after all. And where is ur uniform?"\par
The other ppl who was at the same table gasped, realizing that his man who hey just threw out was probably not some street punk after all. No wonder he boasted sighting he "red"\par
\par
(New / old character: the captain who later got poisoned and killed by the orange player. )\par
\par
His presence: investigating into the massive sighting of "red", his theory includes, other guild is making things up, or making up fake "red" so ppl report them, why? But what's their motive? That's what he is trying to find out by boasting that he has seen the "red " count less times, he tries to draw out the real culprit . \par
\par
Asuna thiugh has been a great fighter, the cunning aspect is well handeled by this older gentleman right here. \par
\par
///as later on they were walkin back. Hey conjured up to form a team for investigation/// \par
\par
Later plot: \par
1. Conflicts deepened as the captain was further assisted by asuna and kirito to investigate ur "sleeping coffin"  and the conflict thinkens . \par
2.side plot: love story between asuna and kirito hit sight off on the day when their detectve friend was murdered. \par
3. How does sleepnf coffin got into the knight of blood oath? \par
}
 