{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe2052{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs36 Boss fight - the memory drug\par
\cf1\f1 Chap 1\cf0\f0\fs28\par
Villain, the yellow players, dosed asuna and kirio with memory drugs, while our Byronic heros mistaken as enhancement drugs like it was advertised by the yellow player\par
Yellow player cannot hide their yellow bar from kirio but one thing they can do is *********. \par
\par
This is another safety zone tale, our protagonist has decided to take a quick stroll down mystery lane to retrieve the missing lock for the sky line lunch box(quest), he thought it could compliment the ear ring (happened after the ep 5 lunch) he gave her and he found a good spot to take her to picnic. Lv 22 is a good place where they have fishing and a huge lake, the lake view is what he really liked. It's a good getaway spot for relaxation before going back to the front line. He never thought that he can so easily make friends, maybe this is a good time to have a solid relationship. "Friends huh, well it will make switching lot easier." Kirito kept thinking about a confused logic, "but maybe she will like more to train switching by the (????lv cave they drop some valuable stuff and it's a chalking place to her usual style).... So why am I taking her to he lake side? Why am I trying so hard?" He ignored the tangled wires in his head and continued his journey. \par
\par
Mystery lane, a place where magic is said prohibited with a sign on their entrance stated in serious times new Roman font, "caution: magic is prohibited in these areas." \par
"What a strange sign" but as precaution he tried to get a quick read of the background, turned out to be a player custom sign and touching is didn't trigger any quest. "Well, u can never be too careful" said kirio to himself, as if someone is judging him from the side. \par
 \par
The fact of the matter is, there is no one around, dead silence. U feel the mild breeze and some sort of most is going off front the distance (misty mystery?, pun intended). Then u hear the sound of crunching leaves, the quick chase between the birds. Well according to he info broker the key can be found defeating the area boss. \par
\par
He walked on. Despite the mist is getting more and more mysterious..... ("Seriously"! Kirito kun yelled from the side of my cracked window of my honda, "u so punny..." Ok ok anyhow....) well as our hero advanced more into the lane, he quickly discovered the long valley was cut in between this side the the other side where he area boss, he guessed to have reside. \par
He soon changed his idea as he saw the most was not coming from the distant but rather close by, it's coming closer and closer. And the most doesn't stop it's advancement.. \par
It's the ??????  !!!! \par
\par
~11.16.13??\par
\par
\par
\par
\cf1\kerning24\f2\fs24 (In parallel real world, after the drug has taken effect and kirito and otera were affected: the picture of the present after-effect world)\par
Dinning table has taken its turn. Seriously. The place is full of people who care about their own business an no one seems to remember Sao. It was such an experience but for some reason it has no bearing on the \~\~\par
Places they had lived. In the wolf plain where he an Klein met. He take no memory on that, the feeling towards his guilt where he left Klein was overcame as easy as swiping a fly from the dining table. The later death of his gang, he silver wolf, because he was afraid that he himself would be excluded from the group just because he is a beater , but in the end that's what got his team killed. \~He feels nothing, " eat ur food" says kirito. "It's getting cold. U know the fish in Sao tasted even good when it's cold. Well not here." Kiritos life carries on normally and plainly like his monologue. No agitation no anger no regret no depression and no joy... He left and nothing seems has grew into him.\par
There is something wrong, "asuna" thought. Even herself is questioning his sanity.\~\par
\line\par
"Asuna" is questioning. Why is kirito not seem as he was supposed to feel? She doesn't look at him likesge used to. What's happening???? The wave of love has finally burned through?? The time that he passed with kirito is happening quick as quick as a ghost train. The pace is empty translucent an transparent and apparently the glide is no more confortable. And when "asuna" was trying to remember their life outside of coral village is as live an vivid as yesterday's burning flame and mornings flickering dew. But she felt nothing as well, well at least she remembers.... She doesn't know what was going on....\par
Well she is being driven insane. Who is she? Why is she carrying some sort of memory that doesn't seem to belong to her? What is she feeling? It's strange and the room is getting tighter and she is getting insane.\~\par
\par
~ 12.25.13?\cf0\kerning0\f0\fs28\par
\par
against the memory boss - (cont ) from the time when K kun ventured into the mist.\par
\par
[k kun reiterating from memory]\par
\par
\par
I scanned the woods for a moment, see if I can pick up anything. The air is moist, the thick layer of mist covered the soil underneath. Dead silence. \par
\par
As I pushed open the fence that reads "\b caution:don't pick up the fog\b0 " .. well if only I have a space suit, sorry but no can do... This place seemed no more ordinary than any other. [ah, thae sun ruse, and aunsa's soft hand, i was so content at the moment, i felt really confident with myslf..] Same dark woods with some barks pealed off, with old and new scratches. The mist stayed down on my feet, and as I ventured further, mist sometimes will be as thick as white bread. Well, guess I was hungry. better go quick and finish this up before Asuna worries too much. But shes cute when she worries, that look on her face, ha! \par
\par
I chuckled, my echo reverting back and forth the forest, the acoustic sound effect was rather oddly impressive. As if music starts playing a bit too soon and you notice the unexpected sound, though mild, to be nerv-rackingly loud. \par
\par
That was strange, I instinctively grabbed my sword, nah, I'm probably too careful, this is only lvl 38, and according to Lisa, this place at its worst could be dangerous for lvl 50, maybe.. \par
\par
Key, key, key, key..  Key!! .. wait, keys? is it supposed to be a lot of keys, combined into one?\par
\par
I checked my quest log one more time, and it said on the bottom "must assemble all keys!" wait.. I don't remeber seeing that, other wise I'd bring Roxia over so her pet can help catch some of those \b keys\b0 .. \par
\par
--------------------------------------\par
the meeting with memory boss- indicator? \par
memory loss - indications.\par
keys= the imagery for home. where is home? how is Aincrad more of a home than before?\par
-------------------------------------\par
\par
the more I walked into the woods, the less familiary it seems, well the terrain definitely hasn;t changed in a while, but why do I feel this place to be as strange as ever?\par
I must hurry, if Asuna came back from her quest before I did, I have to wash those dishes by hand!! "you have to wash them by hand, because you have to be part of it..." well, she never made much sense, but I guess it feels good that now I have somewhere to return to, somewhere I can call home.. \par
\par
well, the mist definitely grew even stronger than before, my noise started to twitch because the moisture is getting into my noses.. this feels extremely uncomfortable. I pulled out a handkershive to wipe my nose, man this weather reminds me of old town.\par
\par
I remeber when me and my sister were younger, we'd always walk hand in hand down to the candy store for Miyazaki's friday special candy. The train almost always come by after school is over. So we'd have to wait, and I always remeber the smell of the train, it smelled watery, like it was emerged out of the ocean. \par
\par
Ocean... \par
..\par
.\par
.\par
.\par
.\par
..\par
.\par
..\par
\par
when I looked down, I'm somehow standing in a pool of water, my stats are slowed.. oh crap! I was feeling hungry, now Im trapped in water..  but where did the water come from? Illusion? Water-based boss? Was the ground a part of its body?  \b "caution: do not pick up any mist".. \b0 as I remebered the sign, it was a bit late, I can feel one of the tennacle is slashing towards me. tsk tsk what speed is this, some kind of joke? I quickly perried the slash and went off on the tennacle, "guess we will have to start from somewhere, yaaaaa!!!" \par
\par
10 mins later..  The monster is down, as Im waiting for the banner of congratulations to show up, I drank up the sports drink Asuna made me, it tasted just like [insert japanese sports drink]. \par
\par
5 seconds passed, 15 seconds.. half minute, one minute... a total two minutes have passed and the banner hasn't shown itself yet.. \par
\par
I gripped my "is that just one of the key master?" well, the more the merrier, I can  just get home quicker.\par
\par
as the second boss emerged, I decided to dodge its attack and wait for the third boss. Howver, something strange happened..\par
\par
As I dodged away from the boss's swing, my body appeared to have split into half, one that is dogding the attack, and the other who is perrying the slash and going off on the tenacle while yelling something. I was then far away and couldn't hear anything clear but the yell at the end... Umm, this is interesting, so I'm fighting against an illusion master afterall, the keys that assmebled, maybe each key doesnt matter, but have to wait till they are assembled,,, then the real boss will appear?\par
\par
I waited, waited... I tried to calm myself down, but the reality is.. the image appeared one after anohter after each and every monster was killed off the same fashion, and two minutes later the same would happen one more time. Whatis happening??? \par
\par
I have seen a lot of fights, but none as strange as one like this.. I decided to take a look at my quest log, maybe I didn't notice its update..\par
\par
However, a sense of unease overcame me, I'm comp[letely thrown off by this behaviro of mine.. Calm.. calm.. this is just an illusion, everything is just an illusion.. but, I cannot remeber, how to use the pull down menu. haha come one this is gotta be a joke of some sort, who puts a monster in front of you and getting blasted in less then a minnute, then wait 2 minute to rewatch the monster being killed, over and over and over again.... this is gotta be some sick joke.. Ugh, I'm not liking this. although my stats have remained up and down, up and down, i'm still confident to K.O. a dragon for two with this.. \par
\par
but why.. i cannot remember, how to, how to.. where is the quest log again?\par
\par
suddenly, something spoke "mowahahahah!! yesss, yesss.. this is all just an illusion. "\par
\par
[[[\par
"time to go home" who is the real me? action time!!!!\par
]]]\par
~12.28.13??\par
\par
\par
\par
Chp 2\par
\par
Setting: real world. \par
theme: repressive memory / false memory.\par
\par
\par
\par
[][][][][][][][][]\par
\cf1\kerning24\f2\fs24 (Sao) the spell castes on the memory \~in the end did Not disappear since the memory was intact the\~\par
\cf0\kerning0\f0\fs28 [][][][][][][][][\par
\par
\par
][][][][][][][][][\par
\cf1\kerning24\f2\fs24 (Sao) ghost of aincrad. Now dwell in the real world.\~\par
\cf0\kerning0\f0\fs28 ][][][][][][][][][]\par
\par
\par
\par
\cf1\kerning24\f2\fs24\par
}
 